AGENTS.md: rewrite as a concise, self-contained standard (#11135)
microcai/gentoo-zh: AGENTS.md

## Pull Requests

> - Write the PR title in English, in the same fixed `category/package: summary` form as the commit subject; for a change outside one package use the affected area (for example `AGENTS.md:` or `treewide:`). Do not translate the title.

Reviewer: 感觉越写越啰嗦重复了，可以尝试结构化去写：

总体要求
pr title：
pr body：

如果太长的简要分点罗列

Author: 好了呢.下次可以就發review 不要發 requested changes 啦。

- Fill the PR description with the reason for the change and notable testing.
- Base the description on what you actually built and tested. Every claim — builds, installs, tests pass, arch checked — must come from a run you performed, not from inference or expectation; do not overstate a result, and if something was not tested, say so plainly. Verify first, then open or update the PR.

> - Write the description body in the opener's own language (do not default to English or force one language); keep it short and precise. Describe the actual behavior, not a dramatized one: avoid sweeping absolutes (always, never), marketing or flourish words, piled-up jargon, and filler that carries no information (no change, obvious). Prefer standard, professional terms over colloquial or invented ones, and do not restate the diff.

Reviewer 2: Write the description body in the opener's own language (do not default to English or force one language); keep it short and precise. 

鉴于这个 overlay 的大部分用户和维护者只能看得懂普通话和英语，应该使用英文或者简体中文普通话，不要使用吴语、粤语、台湾话、香港话、马来西亚华语或者其他华语变种

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Write the description body primarily in Simplified Chinese (Mandarin); use English only as the secondary option, and do not use any other language. Keep it short and precise. Describe the actual behavior, not a dramatized one: avoid sweeping absolutes (always, never), marketing or flourish words, piled-up jargon, and filler that carries no information (no change, obvious). Prefer standard, professional terms over colloquial or invented ones, and do not restate the diff.
```

Author: 對於TC呢(乾淨要求Mandarin就可以了？

Reviewer 2: > 對於TC呢(乾淨要求Mandarin就可以了？

我不想限制使用简体中文或繁体中文，但发出来的内容需要确保只会普通话的人能看懂。

Reviewer 2: > 對於TC呢(乾淨要求Mandarin就可以了？

https://github.com/gentoo-zh/overlay/pull/11172 比如这个PR 的描述就是不合格的，不知道用的哪里的方言🤦‍♂️我甚至得让ChatGPT 帮我翻译我才能看懂
